[IMP] barcode: add zebra scanner section (#5827)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/hardware.rst

.. _barcode/setup/hardware:

Follow this guide to choose and set up a barcode scanner compatible with Odoo's *Inventory* and
*Barcode* apps.

> .. image:: hardware/barcode-scanner.png

Reviewer: alternatively you could use a more descriptive visual directive like [figure](https://pandemic-overview.readthedocs.io/en/latest/myGuides/reStructuredText-Images-and-Figures-Examples.html#figure) here, which would include a written caption as to what we're looking at.

   :align: center
   :alt: An image of an example barcode scanner.

Scanner types
=============

Before setting up a barcode scanner, it is important to determine which scanner type best meets the

> needs of the business. There are three main types, each with their own benefits and use cases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
needs of the business. There are three main types, each with their own benefits and use cases:
```

> - **USB scanners** are connected to a computer and are suitable for businesses that scan products at
>   a fixed location, like at the checkout in a grocery store. Ensure the chosen USB scanner is
>   compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **USB scanners** are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products
  at a fixed location, like at the checkout in a grocery store. Ensure the chosen USB scanner is
  compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.
```

- **Bluetooth scanners** pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and
  portable barcode scanner option. In this scenario, Odoo is installed on the smartphone, allowing

>   warehouse operators to handle operations and check stock directly through their mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  warehouse operators to handle operations, and check stock directly through their mobile devices.
```

- **Mobile computer scanners** are mobile devices with a built-in barcode scanner. Ensure the device
  can run the Odoo mobile app properly. Recent models that use Android OS with the Google Chrome

>   browser or Windows OS with Internet Explorer Mobile should work. However, testing is crucial due

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this mention Microsoft Edge instead of Internet Explorer?

>   browser or Windows OS with Internet Explorer Mobile should work. However, testing is crucial due

Author: ```suggestion
  browser or Windows OS with Microsoft Edge should work. However, testing is crucial due
```

> - **Mobile computer scanners** are mobile devices with a built-in barcode scanner. Ensure the device
>   can run the Odoo mobile app properly. Recent models that use Android OS with the Google Chrome
>   browser or Windows OS with Microsoft Edge should work. However, testing is crucial due to the
>   variety of available models and configurations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Mobile computer scanners** are mobile devices with a built-in barcode scanner. First, ensure the
  device can run the Odoo mobile app properly. Recent models that use Android OS with the Google
  Chrome browser, or Windows OS with Microsoft Edge, should work. However, testing is crucial due to
  the variety of available models and configurations.
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion to point to Inventory hardware page on the main site, which lists specific scanner models

```suggestion

.. seealso::
   `Compatible hardware with Odoo Inventory <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_

```

Configuration
=============

> When setting up the barcode scanner, ensure the following configurations are correctly set to ensure
> the scanner can interpret barcodes properly in Odoo.

Reviewer: wording to be more concise, less redundant, and with more natural placement for modifiers
```suggestion
When setting up the barcode scanner, make sure the following configurations are correct so the scanner can properly interpret barcodes with Odoo.
```

Keyboard layout
---------------

When using a USB barcode scanner, match its keyboard layout with the operating system's layout for
proper interpretation of characters. Generally, the scanning mode should be set to accept a USB

> Keyboard (HID), with the language set based on the keyboard that is in use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
keyboard (HID), with the language set based on the keyboard that is in use.
```

> When configuring the keyboard layout for a Zebra scanner, scan the keyboard wedge barcode in the

Reviewer: call out with formatting
```suggestion
When configuring the keyboard layout for a **Zebra** scanner, scan the keyboard wedge barcode in the
```

user manual for the barcode scanner.

> .. image:: hardware/keyboard-barcode.png

Reviewer: are these actually scannable or useful for configuration?
if so that should be more explicit...could do so in the instructions before the image or do another figure directive with caption here.

   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a user manual for keyboard layout.

Automatic carriage return
-------------------------

Odoo has a default 50-millisecond delay between scans to prevent accidental double scanning. To

> synchronize with the barcode scanner, set it to include a *carriage return* (:dfn:`character like

Reviewer: @samueljlieber reminder to look into the `:dfn:` directive styling...ideally it's a tooltip or something similar 🤔

the "Enter" key on a keyboard`) after each scan. Odoo interprets the carriage return as the end of

> the barcode input; so Odoo accepts the scan and waits for the next one.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the barcode input; so Odoo accepts the scan, and waits for the next one.
```

Typically, on the scanner, a carriage return is included by default. Ensure it is set by scanning a

> specific barcode in the user manual, like 'CR suffix ON' or 'Apply Enter for suffix.'

Reviewer: are the hugging apostrophes the most appropriate formatting option here?

> specific barcode in the user manual, like 'CR suffix ON' or 'Apply Enter for suffix.'

Author: ```suggestion
specific barcode in the user manual, like `CR suffix ON` or `Apply Enter for suffix`.
```

Zebra scanner
-------------

> When using Zebra scanners, ensure the correct keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

Reviewer: Would indicate that the correct settings are to follow in the documentation otherwise we're just saying "make sure your settings are correct" in a general (and unhelpful) sense  😄 

```suggestion
When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.
```

> Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the icon for the
> app is a light blue barcode). On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page, select the profile option
> to access the Zebra scanner's settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the icon for the
app is a light blue barcode). On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page, select the profile option
to access the Zebra scanner's settings.
```

> Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option and ensure the :guilabel:`Enable/disable
> keystroke output` option is :guilabel:`Enabled`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option, and ensure the :guilabel:`Enable/disable
keystroke output` option is :guilabel:`Enabled`.
```

> Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option and ensure the option
> :guilabel:`Enable/disable keystroke output` is :guilabel:`Enabled`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option and ensure the
:guilabel:`Enable/disable keystroke output` option is :guilabel:`Enabled`.
```

.. image:: hardware/enable-keystroke.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show keystroke option in the Zebra scanner's DataWedge app.

> Now, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page and select :guilabel:`Key event options`. Here,
> ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page, and select :guilabel:`Key event options`.
Here, ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.
```
